
Title: 如何选择遥控器
Status: published
Tags: Drone

    选个好控能伴随你好多年。

------

为什么先写控呢？因为血淋淋的教训啊！
    - 你有过飞机飞着飞着飞丢了的经验吗？
    - 你有过好好的遥控这突然之间不受控制了的经验吗？
    - 你有过买了一个入门控然后玩几下突然发现不够了用了然后的升级的经验吗？
各种血的教训告诉我们，控最好一步到位，除非你只是想尝试一下无人机，然后就把它丢一边了。

如果大家对无人机遥控器还不是很了解，请点击[传送门]{filename}2018-09-29 无人机遥控.md)

下面将分别通过几个部分来讲讲选控的注意点吧：


Switches

Transmitters don’t just have gimbals, they also have an array of switches you can use for arming and changing flight modes etc.

Switches come in two or three position forms as well as sliders and rotary knobs. However as mini quad pilots we don’t really need too many compared with plane flyers.

I think having a at least 2 switches are enough for mini quad flying. Of course it doesn’t hurt to have more.

5-channel-transmitter-diagram
Channels

Each control or switch requires a channel to send the signal to the receiver.

The two gimbals take up 4 channels, throttle, yaw, pitch and roll. The extra channels are sometimes called “AUX channels” because they can be used for auxiliary controls such as switches. For example, for a 9-channel radio, you have 5 spare channels you can use for switches and knobs.

But for hobby grade quadcopters, you definitely want more channels and controls.

RC-transmitter-channels

In general it is recommended to have at least 6 channels for a quadcopter. The extra 1 or 2 channels can be used to arm the quad and switch between different flight modes. It would be desirable to have even more channels.

You don’t need a lot of channels for flying racing drones. Personally I only use 8 channels most of the times: 1. arm switch; 2. buzzer switch; 3. flight mode switch; 4. passing RSSI signal.

The number of channels you can use is also limited by the receiver protocol (the connection between receiver and flight controller). For example, SBUS can support up to 16 channels, while PPM can only support up to 8.



模式 

美国手

Radio Receivers

A radio receiver, or RX, is the device that receive commands from the radio transmitter. It will then pass the signal to the flight controller and that’s how you control a drone.

It’s important to know that a TX normally only works with radio receiver (aka RX) from the same brand, and the same “TX protocol”. For example, a Frsky Taranis TX won’t work with a Spektrum receiver.



Operating System

Every radio has its own operating system (OS), which is basically the user interface.

Most manufacturers have their very own OS, but the one I want to introduce you to is OpenTX. It’s an open source OS that is compatible with many TX on the market. Some popular radios even come with OpenTX.

It might be a little harder to learn at first, but it’s one of the most powerful and configurable radio system out there

遥测
Telemetry Support

It’s an useful feature that allows receiver to send flight data back to the pilot, such as RSSI, battery voltage, current draw etc.

In OpenTX, you can choose to display Telemetry data on the screen, or have it played as audio warnings.