https://oscarliang.com/mini-quad-frame-basics/

聊聊怎么选择穿越机的机架，以及机架、桨叶、电池、电机和搭配。

什么是迷你机架

理想的机架是什么样的？
薄点：轻，可操作性强，不太稳定，不坑摔。
厚点：重，稳定性好，抗摔，可操作性差

材料
碳纤维
Materials For Mini Quad Frame

A mini quad frame can be made from any material you can possibly think of: Wood, 3D printed plastic, injection molded plastic, fibre glass, aluminium, or even PVC pipes. However carbon fibre remains the most popular material for mini quad frames thanks to its relatively low cost and excellent physical properties:

    Light weight – a lighter racing drone means faster speed, better agility, longer flight time, and less destructive inertia in a crash
    Strength – carbon fiber is known to be relatively tough and durable
    Rigidity – CF has high stiffness to weight ratio. Frame rigidity is important for stability and flight performance

However there are some downsides to using carbon fiber for frames:

    Carbon fiber is electrically conductive. If you have live wires touching the frame it could cause a short circuit and burn out components
     It also blocks radio frequency signals (such as 2.4Ghz and 5.8Ghz), so make sure your antennas are not hidden inside the frame



尺寸
Frame Size 	Prop Size
280mm+ 	7″
220-250mm 	6″
180-220mm 	5″
150-180mm 	4″
120-150mm 	3″
90-120mm 	2″


一体的，分体的

一体的重量轻，摔坏维修成本高
分体的

厚度

5″ frames commonly used 3mm or 4mm CF, but advancements in racing motors have made 5mm and 6mm more common, to withstand the greater forces of higher speed impacts. For 5″+ frame sizes you should be looking for at least 4mm thick arms, for 3″ – 4″ you can go down to 3mm and for 2″ just 2.5mm. Any thinner than this will break too easy.


电机布局


Freestyle or Racing

For racing, I would say the most important factor is weight and crash-resistance. Having light and easy-to-replace arms are going to be really helpful.

For freestyle, the most important factor for me has to be how easy it is to build/repair, and how well it withstands crashes.

其他需要考虑的事情

Other Considerations

FC standoff spacing – Make sure the frame supports the FC and PDB you are planning to use, most commonly FC’s have a mounting pattern of 30.5mm x 30.5mm, or 20x20mm. Although there are 3D-printed adapters you can easily obtain, these are not always supported.

FPV Camera Mounting – There are now 3 main sizes in FPV camera, standard, mini and micro. Make sure to find a frame that supports the camera you are planning to use. You will also need to find out what kind of camera tilt you can achieve, and how easy it is to adjust. A tilt angle that is too low or too high can hugely affect your FPV experience

Rigidity – We have mentioned the importance of frame stiffness more than a dozen times . A well designed frame should be strong, crash resistant, yet rigid. If there is bending or warping in the arms during flight, your quad will be prone to problematic vibrations. As a result the quad can be hard to tune, and you might get jello in your FPV feed as well as the HD flight footage. If your quad suffers from vibration, the flight controller must work harder to stabilize the copter, and in extreme cases vibrations can even cause your motors to overheat.

Weight is an extremely important factor to your quad’s performance. Good quality carbon fibre is all generally similar in weight. The main difference comes down to how the frame is designed, how much material is used, what sort of screws and standoffs are used etc.

Durability – It’s very difficult to predict how durable a frame is just by looking at pictures and spec. The best thing to do is to look at reviews and comments. Pay attention to how well the components are protected by the frame and make sure nothing is exposed to crash damage. Countersunk screws look nice, but they can introduce weakness in the frame, watch out for screw holes too close to the edge of the material.

HD Camera Mounting – If you plan to fly with an HD camera such as a GoPro or Runcam 3, make sure to check whether or not the frame can support it! You might have to spend extra to get a 3D printed mount, or it might be included in the kit.

Spare Parts and Warranty – No spare parts available means buying a new frame when you break an arm or top plate. The availability of spares is extremely important. Some manufacturers even offer a “lifetime” warranty which allows you can get replacement parts whenever you break them. These frames normally cost a bit more to begin with, but it’s comforting to see designers show such faith in their own product.

Protection for the motors – Extra material around the motor mount could potentially protect your motors from damage in crash. but this does increase weight.

Chamfered carbon fibre edges – It is a time consuming job filing those sharp edges. Therefore some manufacturers are now shipping their frames with chamfered edges, giving you one less job before you can build, fly, and crash!

